README.md, before:

# Bubble Bobble Bonkers #
This may not be the real Bubble Bobble but ....   
Why not play my wee memory game & find some of the characters,  
While listening to the classic retro theme tune :) 

 
![Bubble Bobble Bonkers](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/assets/images/main-title.png)


# Contents


- [User Experience (UI)](#user-experience--ui-)
  * [Project Goals](#project-goals)
  * [User Goals](#user-goals)
  * [User Stories](#user-stories)
  * [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    + [Requirements](#requirements)
    + [Expectations](#expectations)
  * [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    + [Fonts](#fonts)
    + [Icons](#icons)
    + [Colours](#colours)
- [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    + [What didn't make the cut](#what-didn-t-make-the-cut)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Utilised](#technologies-utilised)
    + [Languages](#languages)
    + [Tools and Libraries](#tools-and-libraries)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Bugs](#bugs)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Credits](#credits)


## Project Goals

There isn't a day goes by when someone in the world needs a wee timeout from their normal, boring & monotonous day to day activities.....
If only they had some kind of game to entertain themselves with & therefore flush their life stresses down the porcelain gateway to extinction :)
Hold my coffee .... That's were Bubble Bobble Bonkers will come to the rescue & save their day !

My aim is to create a fun & interactive environment for the user, where they can 'chill out' & play a memory game based on an absolute 80's classic.
Test your memory, speed & interactive skills to match the characters & gameplay objects on hidden cards, within an allotted time (depending on level).
My bro & I played the original Bubble Bobble game for hours on end because it was so awesomely addictive which is what I want my game to be as well. 
Although my game ain't the real deal, I still want users / players to feel that retro nostaglia when they play it & fall in love with Bub & Bob, the main Bubble Bobble characters.
And for an added touch, you will get to hear the unforgettable Bubble Bobble theme tune while you play each level :)

## User Goals

* Have some awesome fun & a smile whilst doing so
* Interact with the Bub & Bob (user has to input name for this)
* Play an cool 80s classic based interactive game
* Enjoy the game so much they want to come back to play again & again & again ha ha
* Possible message form (add link from game) - for any bugs or issues with the game or possible future ideas
* Tell their friends about this awesome retro memory game

## User Stories

* As a user, I want to take some time out from my daily routine & play a wee game
* As a user, I want to be able to play a sneaky wee game on my office desktop, on my tablet in the bath & on my mobile whilst commuting home ... obviously when NOT driving a car!
* As a user, I want to be able to score points for matching cards / tiles
* As a user, I want the game to get more difficult as I progress
* As a user, I want to be able to compete against my current high score
* As a user, I want to let the developer know if there are any gameplay bugs so they can rectify them or level difficulty suggestions for future updates
* As a user, I want to enjoy a aesthetically pleasing game which is easy to navigate around 
* As a user, I want to feel that I have a friend on the other side of the screen .... awwww !

## Site Owner Goals

* As a site owner, I want to make sure game players smile & laugh
* As a site owner, I want them to connect and love the characters that is Bub & Bob
* As a site owner, I want visitors to have fun playing a cool, yet challenging game
* As a site owner, I want people to enjoy the catchy & unforgettable theme tune from the orginal Bubble Bobble
* As a site owner, I want gamers to actually go out & buy the orginal Bubble Booble so they can play iy with their friends because it was sooooo good back in the day & even to this day
* As a site owner, I want set up a contact form for users to declare any bugs or issues with the game for me to rectify & any possible ideas
* As a site owner, I want people to enjoy themselves that much that they want to come back for more (maybe even beat their last highest score)

## User Requirements and Expectations

### Requirements 

* Single page game with introduction page 
* Allow player to input their actual name so that it will increase their feeling of game involvement & therefore their interactivity with the game
* Fun looking website which is aesthetically pleasing also
* Easy & smooth interaction with the game play
* Increased difficulty either by shortening the game countdown timer or by adding extra memory tiles to turn over
* The classic Bubble Bobble theme tune has to be playing in the background for sure
* Once tiles have been matched, increase the players score (possibly decrease score on a mismatch in a later level)
* To have link to a contact form for unnoticed bugs & ideas (obviously I don't want any bug feedback tbh but may add form just in case)

### Expectations

* The user will smile as a bare minimum if I consider my wee game a success
* They will enjoy the website layout and navigate freely with no issues
* A good working game (but I do foresee some hidden bugs tbh, which may be undetected unless you play the game over & over & over), hence the contact form
* I'm hoping for feeling of addictiveness (in a good way) which will bring the user back for more
* Stimulation of the human nation
* Some crazy fun .... for sure !

## Design Choices

I will be using Bootstrap 4 to create the overall layout of my game, as this will make it easier for me to control it's functionality across multiple devices.
As for the actual game design, it will be pretty simple as it's going to be a single page that hosts the game.
I will have an introduction page so the user can input a game name for that personal interactive feeling & possible rules of the game / level, if required.
For the main gameplay area, I was thinking of using one of the actual original game levels & then add my game memory tiles to it. 
The main opening game screens & a lot of the levels were very dense with actual gameplay content if I remember right so I need to find an appropiate level
that will allow me the space to add my memory tiles. I know it's a bit hazy at the minute but once I start to delve into screen plays & game levels, we will find a suitable back drop
for this awesome memory game :)

### Fonts

For my fonts, I'm looking at deffo going retro on this one because the original game came out in 1986, therefore I want to try & keep to that basic style. 
Also, because it's Bubble Bobble based there will definintely be some 'Bubble' writing throughout. I have located similar Bubble fonts online & 
I am currently checking for retro fonts that will work too. I can see that Bitmap fonts are the oldskool retro gaming fonts that were used back in the day.
Fontspace looks like an awesome website with all these cool fonts that might be useful for this project.


### Icons

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) will be the main source for any icons that I require, as always. 
I also plan to use some of the retro characters or gameplay objects from Bubble Bobble to use as icons, if applicable.
Other than them, we will just have to see what suits and fits the game layout perfectly.

### Colours

If the truth be told, this was quite a hard choice because of the fact it's a game & not an actual website.
Therefore to keep inline with the original game itself, I used a website called [Image Color Picker](https://imagecolorpicker.com/) to upload the main Bubble Bobble title.
Once the image was uploaded I was able to select the main colours from it & get the HEX values. 
I also had blue (for Bob), green (for Bub) & orange (the outline of the cloud) selected but I had to cut unfortunately. 
So the colours I have mainly settled for are :

|Name                  |Hex Code   |Basic Description  |Usage                           |
|:--------------------:|:---------:|:-----------------:|:------------------------------:|
|***White***           |#FFFFFF    |White              |Body background, text & titles  |
|***Aureolin***        |#FEEE20    |Loud Yellow        |Titles & text                   |
|***Rose Bonbon***     |#F74498    |Bubblegum Pink     |Titles & text                   |
|***Black***           |#000000    |Black              |Body background, text & titles  |

Below is an image of the chosen colours .....

![Bubble Bobble Bonkers Colors](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/bbb-color-scheme.png)


# Wireframes
---
The software that I used for my **wireframes** was [***Balsamiq***](https://balsamiq.com/).
This was the second time I used this software & it was deffo a lot easier to understand what you need to do. 
The software allows you design the basic layout of your website on devices such as a desktop, tablet and mobile.
They are just simple 2D sketches but I now understand how important these really are:)  

My wireframes are set out where you will first have a wee intro screen to input your ***game name*** & get your self fully prepared for the game of your life :)
The second screen will basically be the gamezone & pretty much the same for the 3 levels as well, maybe with different backgrounds or slight tweaks.
I have added an **alternative gamezone wireframe** for my desktop because I am still unsure at what layout will work better & look more aesthetically pleasing.
At present, as I write this, I am swaying more towards the *alternative* version but even this coould change as I progress ha ha!

Anyway, you can have a wee look at my wireframes below:

- [Mobile Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/mobile-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Mobile Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/mobile-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)

- [Tablet Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/tablet-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Tablet Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/tablet-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)

- [Desktop Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Desktop Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)
- [Desktop Gamezone Alternative Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-gamezone-alt-wireframe.pdf)


Hopefully, I can pull this off & do wee Bob & wee Bub some justice with my memory game. 
To be honest I can't wait to hear the wee theme tune as I match those cards.


### What didn't make the cut

Possible high score register for user to compete against (can also be reset by user)


# Features
---


# Technologies Utilised
---


### Languages

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) 
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript) 

### Tools and Libraries

- [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) 
- [Bootstrap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrap_(front-end_framework))
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

# Testing
---

### **Take A Wee Break**

#### User Story : I want to take some time out from my daily routine & play a wee game

* **Plan**
Create a fun memory game that will allow the user to escape from normal life, even for a few moments.
I am going to base my memory game on a retro 80s classic arcade game so I will utilise as much Bubble Bobble content as I can.
I will use the various characters for my hidden memory cards so it will all look awesome & retro.
I hope to add the wee theme tune as well because it will just add to the overall retro feel of the game .... de de dee de de de dee (don't worry you'll be dee deeing it too soon enough ha ha)



* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Multiple Device Play**

#### User Story : I want to be able to play a sneaky wee game on my office desktop, on my tablet in the bath & on my mobile whilst commuting home ... obviously when NOT driving a car!

* **Plan**    
I want the user to be able to play my game on any device they want or choose. Therefore the game layout will have to be compatible on large desktop screens, 
right through to small mobile screens. I will achieve this by using the Bootstrap framework (Ver 4) as the foundation from where to build my game up. 
I am a bit more clued up on Bootstrap now but deffo struggled a little on my first project with it. 
This time I will start with the mobile design (seeing it is a mobile first framework) & work my way up, to the desktop sized screens.
On a mobile device, you are really limited to the maximum number of tile / cards that can be displayed due to the screen size but I have settled for 12 max.
I may increase the maximum tile numbers as the screen size gets larger but we will have to see.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Score Points**

#### User Story : I want to be able to score points for matching cards / tiles

* **Plan**  
My aim is to add 5 points for a match & subtract 2 points for a mismatch. I will write some JS code that will incorporate some mathematical equations.
If my cards match function is true, then I'll add a score of 5 to the users total score, if it's a mismatch (else if), I'll subtract 2 points from the users total score.
I hope this code is as simple to write, as it is to say it ha ha ! 


* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Level Difficulty**

#### User Story : I want the game to get more difficult as I progress

* **Plan**  
My plan is to design at least 3 levels with the first one being the easiest & the last one being the hardest .... standard gaming etiquette to be fair.
The first level will have max 12 tiles & you just compete at your own pace.
The second level will have max 12 tiles but you will have a time of 60 seconds to complete all the matches.
The third level will have agin 12 tiles but the time will either be 40 or 50 seconds now. I will decide when testing to see how difficult either is.


* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Current Players High Score**

#### User Story : I want to be able to compete against my current high score

* **Plan**  
I will store the score after each game in a variable. I will then display that on the screen at each level.
So the user has a goal for each game he or she plays. Just a wee added incentive to keep playing :)

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Contact Form**

#### User Story : I want to let the developer know if there are any gameplay bugs so they can rectify them or level difficulty suggestions for future updates

* **Plan**  
I want to add a contact form so that the user can contact me if they come across any bugs that I may have missed with the game.
They could also suggest various ways to increase level difficulty for future level expansion. 
While I will test this as best as I can & ask family, friends & work colleagues to test my user stories .... I still forsee some bugs with it.
So I think a wee contact form will help keep the game bug free & help me as a developer too.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Game Navagation & Interaction**

#### User Story : I want to enjoy a aesthetically pleasing game which is easy to navigate around

* **Plan**  
I am going to build this on mobile first as I know this will be the most difficult due to size restrictions.
I want to have a smooth flowing game that the user can play over & over again. 
As I progress through the screen sizes, I can add more content to make it look more retro.
The tiles will turn on touch, hold, then turn back unless there has been a match.
I want this movement to be easy on the eye & look awesomely animated.
Nice vibrant colours based on the original game will hopefully make it fun & indulging.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Be A Friend Of Bob & Bub**

#### User Story : I want to feel that I have a friend or friends on the other side of the screen .... awwww !

* **Plan**  
Create an introduction page that welcomes the user & asks them to input their game name. I will store this as a variable & use it to allow that feeling of loving interaction :)
I want the user to feel welcome anytime & maybe feel a little nostalgic, if they were born in the 70s, as the 80s would've been the start of the arcade gaming world. 
The chances are the user played the original Bubble Bobble so a flood of childhood memories could come flowing back ..... it's all about the memories :)  
I also want the user to feel they are interacting with Bob & Bub by adding good vibes comments but using their game name too .... to address them. 

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**



# Bugs
---
  

### The Development Journey

### The Validation & Testing Journey

### The Mentor Code Review Journey

# Deployment
---


# Credits
---

Took on any critique from my first project so hopefully I have ironed out the issues from it :)


Speech Bubble - https://codepen.io/run-time/pen/VNRBJd

Speech Bubble 2 - https://codepen.io/rikschennink/pen/mjywQb    /    https://freefrontend.com/css-speech-bubbles/

Commit message:

Add music folder & main Bubble Bobble theme for testing

README.md, after:

# Bubble Bobble Bonkers #
This may not be the real Bubble Bobble but ....   
Why not play my wee memory game & find some of the characters,  
While listening to the classic retro theme tune :) 

 
![Bubble Bobble Bonkers](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/assets/images/main-title.png)


# Contents


- [User Experience (UI)](#user-experience--ui-)
  * [Project Goals](#project-goals)
  * [User Goals](#user-goals)
  * [User Stories](#user-stories)
  * [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    + [Requirements](#requirements)
    + [Expectations](#expectations)
  * [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    + [Fonts](#fonts)
    + [Icons](#icons)
    + [Colours](#colours)
- [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    + [What didn't make the cut](#what-didn-t-make-the-cut)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Utilised](#technologies-utilised)
    + [Languages](#languages)
    + [Tools and Libraries](#tools-and-libraries)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Bugs](#bugs)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Credits](#credits)


## Project Goals

There isn't a day goes by when someone in the world needs a wee timeout from their normal, boring & monotonous day to day activities.....
If only they had some kind of game to entertain themselves with & therefore flush their life stresses down the porcelain gateway to extinction :)
Hold my coffee .... That's were Bubble Bobble Bonkers will come to the rescue & save their day !

My aim is to create a fun & interactive environment for the user, where they can 'chill out' & play a memory game based on an absolute 80's classic.
Test your memory, speed & interactive skills to match the characters & gameplay objects on hidden cards, within an allotted time (depending on level).
My bro & I played the original Bubble Bobble game for hours on end because it was so awesomely addictive which is what I want my game to be as well. 
Although my game ain't the real deal, I still want users / players to feel that retro nostaglia when they play it & fall in love with Bub & Bob, the main Bubble Bobble characters.
And for an added touch, you will get to hear the unforgettable Bubble Bobble theme tune while you play each level :)

## User Goals

* Have some awesome fun & a smile whilst doing so
* Interact with the Bub & Bob (user has to input name for this)
* Play an cool 80s classic based interactive game
* Enjoy the game so much they want to come back to play again & again & again ha ha
* Possible message form (add link from game) - for any bugs or issues with the game or possible future ideas
* Tell their friends about this awesome retro memory game

## User Stories

* As a user, I want to take some time out from my daily routine & play a wee game
* As a user, I want to be able to play a sneaky wee game on my office desktop, on my tablet in the bath & on my mobile whilst commuting home ... obviously when NOT driving a car!
* As a user, I want to be able to score points for matching cards / tiles
* As a user, I want the game to get more difficult as I progress
* As a user, I want to be able to compete against my current high score
* As a user, I want to let the developer know if there are any gameplay bugs so they can rectify them or level difficulty suggestions for future updates
* As a user, I want to enjoy a aesthetically pleasing game which is easy to navigate around 
* As a user, I want to feel that I have a friend on the other side of the screen .... awwww !

## Site Owner Goals

* As a site owner, I want to make sure game players smile & laugh
* As a site owner, I want them to connect and love the characters that is Bub & Bob
* As a site owner, I want visitors to have fun playing a cool, yet challenging game
* As a site owner, I want people to enjoy the catchy & unforgettable theme tune from the orginal Bubble Bobble
* As a site owner, I want gamers to actually go out & buy the orginal Bubble Booble so they can play iy with their friends because it was sooooo good back in the day & even to this day
* As a site owner, I want set up a contact form for users to declare any bugs or issues with the game for me to rectify & any possible ideas
* As a site owner, I want people to enjoy themselves that much that they want to come back for more (maybe even beat their last highest score)

## User Requirements and Expectations

### Requirements 

* Single page game with introduction page 
* Allow player to input their actual name so that it will increase their feeling of game involvement & therefore their interactivity with the game
* Fun looking website which is aesthetically pleasing also
* Easy & smooth interaction with the game play
* Increased difficulty either by shortening the game countdown timer or by adding extra memory tiles to turn over
* The classic Bubble Bobble theme tune has to be playing in the background for sure
* Once tiles have been matched, increase the players score (possibly decrease score on a mismatch in a later level)
* To have link to a contact form for unnoticed bugs & ideas (obviously I don't want any bug feedback tbh but may add form just in case)

### Expectations

* The user will smile as a bare minimum if I consider my wee game a success
* They will enjoy the website layout and navigate freely with no issues
* A good working game (but I do foresee some hidden bugs tbh, which may be undetected unless you play the game over & over & over), hence the contact form
* I'm hoping for feeling of addictiveness (in a good way) which will bring the user back for more
* Stimulation of the human nation
* Some crazy fun .... for sure !

## Design Choices

I will be using Bootstrap 4 to create the overall layout of my game, as this will make it easier for me to control it's functionality across multiple devices.
As for the actual game design, it will be pretty simple as it's going to be a single page that hosts the game.
I will have an introduction page so the user can input a game name for that personal interactive feeling & possible rules of the game / level, if required.
For the main gameplay area, I was thinking of using one of the actual original game levels & then add my game memory tiles to it. 
The main opening game screens & a lot of the levels were very dense with actual gameplay content if I remember right so I need to find an appropiate level
that will allow me the space to add my memory tiles. I know it's a bit hazy at the minute but once I start to delve into screen plays & game levels, we will find a suitable back drop
for this awesome memory game :)

### Fonts

For my fonts, I'm looking at deffo going retro on this one because the original game came out in 1986, therefore I want to try & keep to that basic style. 
Also, because it's Bubble Bobble based there will definintely be some 'Bubble' writing throughout. I have located similar Bubble fonts online & 
I am currently checking for retro fonts that will work too. I can see that Bitmap fonts are the oldskool retro gaming fonts that were used back in the day.
Fontspace looks like an awesome website with all these cool fonts that might be useful for this project.


### Icons

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) will be the main source for any icons that I require, as always. 
I also plan to use some of the retro characters or gameplay objects from Bubble Bobble to use as icons, if applicable.
Other than them, we will just have to see what suits and fits the game layout perfectly.

### Colours

If the truth be told, this was quite a hard choice because of the fact it's a game & not an actual website.
Therefore to keep inline with the original game itself, I used a website called [Image Color Picker](https://imagecolorpicker.com/) to upload the main Bubble Bobble title.
Once the image was uploaded I was able to select the main colours from it & get the HEX values. 
I also had blue (for Bob), green (for Bub) & orange (the outline of the cloud) selected but I had to cut unfortunately. 
So the colours I have mainly settled for are :

|Name                  |Hex Code   |Basic Description  |Usage                           |
|:--------------------:|:---------:|:-----------------:|:------------------------------:|
|***White***           |#FFFFFF    |White              |Body background, text & titles  |
|***Aureolin***        |#FEEE20    |Loud Yellow        |Titles & text                   |
|***Rose Bonbon***     |#F74498    |Bubblegum Pink     |Titles & text                   |
|***Black***           |#000000    |Black              |Body background, text & titles  |

Below is an image of the chosen colours .....

![Bubble Bobble Bonkers Colors](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/bbb-color-scheme.png)


# Wireframes
---
The software that I used for my **wireframes** was [***Balsamiq***](https://balsamiq.com/).
This was the second time I used this software & it was deffo a lot easier to understand what you need to do. 
The software allows you design the basic layout of your website on devices such as a desktop, tablet and mobile.
They are just simple 2D sketches but I now understand how important these really are:)  

My wireframes are set out where you will first have a wee intro screen to input your ***game name*** & get your self fully prepared for the game of your life :)
The second screen will basically be the gamezone & pretty much the same for the 3 levels as well, maybe with different backgrounds or slight tweaks.
I have added an **alternative gamezone wireframe** for my desktop because I am still unsure at what layout will work better & look more aesthetically pleasing.
At present, as I write this, I am swaying more towards the *alternative* version but even this coould change as I progress ha ha!

Anyway, you can have a wee look at my wireframes below:

- [Mobile Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/mobile-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Mobile Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/mobile-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)

- [Tablet Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/tablet-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Tablet Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/tablet-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)

- [Desktop Intro Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-intro-wireframe.pdf)
- [Desktop Gamezone Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-gamezone-wireframe.pdf)
- [Desktop Gamezone Alternative Wireframe](https://github.com/RaVeR76/BubbleBobbleBonkers/raw/master/wireframes/desktop-gamezone-alt-wireframe.pdf)


Hopefully, I can pull this off & do wee Bob & wee Bub some justice with my memory game. 
To be honest I can't wait to hear the wee theme tune as I match those cards.


### What didn't make the cut

Possible high score register for user to compete against (can also be reset by user)


# Features
---


# Technologies Utilised
---


### Languages

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) 
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript) 

### Tools and Libraries

- [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) 
- [Bootstrap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrap_(front-end_framework))
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

# Testing
---

### **Take A Wee Break**

#### User Story : I want to take some time out from my daily routine & play a wee game

* **Plan**
Create a fun memory game that will allow the user to escape from normal life, even for a few moments.
I am going to base my memory game on a retro 80s classic arcade game so I will utilise as much Bubble Bobble content as I can.
I will use the various characters for my hidden memory cards so it will all look awesome & retro.
I hope to add the wee theme tune as well because it will just add to the overall retro feel of the game .... de de dee de de de dee (don't worry you'll be dee deeing it too soon enough ha ha)



* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Multiple Device Play**

#### User Story : I want to be able to play a sneaky wee game on my office desktop, on my tablet in the bath & on my mobile whilst commuting home ... obviously when NOT driving a car!

* **Plan**    
I want the user to be able to play my game on any device they want or choose. Therefore the game layout will have to be compatible on large desktop screens, 
right through to small mobile screens. I will achieve this by using the Bootstrap framework (Ver 4) as the foundation from where to build my game up. 
I am a bit more clued up on Bootstrap now but deffo struggled a little on my first project with it. 
This time I will start with the mobile design (seeing it is a mobile first framework) & work my way up, to the desktop sized screens.
On a mobile device, you are really limited to the maximum number of tile / cards that can be displayed due to the screen size but I have settled for 12 max.
I may increase the maximum tile numbers as the screen size gets larger but we will have to see.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Score Points**

#### User Story : I want to be able to score points for matching cards / tiles

* **Plan**  
My aim is to add 5 points for a match & subtract 2 points for a mismatch. I will write some JS code that will incorporate some mathematical equations.
If my cards match function is true, then I'll add a score of 5 to the users total score, if it's a mismatch (else if), I'll subtract 2 points from the users total score.
I hope this code is as simple to write, as it is to say it ha ha ! 


* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Level Difficulty**

#### User Story : I want the game to get more difficult as I progress

* **Plan**  
My plan is to design at least 3 levels with the first one being the easiest & the last one being the hardest .... standard gaming etiquette to be fair.
The first level will have max 12 tiles & you just compete at your own pace.
The second level will have max 12 tiles but you will have a time of 60 seconds to complete all the matches.
The third level will have agin 12 tiles but the time will either be 40 or 50 seconds now. I will decide when testing to see how difficult either is.


* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Current Players High Score**

#### User Story : I want to be able to compete against my current high score

* **Plan**  
I will store the score after each game in a variable. I will then display that on the screen at each level.
So the user has a goal for each game he or she plays. Just a wee added incentive to keep playing :)

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Contact Form**

#### User Story : I want to let the developer know if there are any gameplay bugs so they can rectify them or level difficulty suggestions for future updates

* **Plan**  
I want to add a contact form so that the user can contact me if they come across any bugs that I may have missed with the game.
They could also suggest various ways to increase level difficulty for future level expansion. 
While I will test this as best as I can & ask family, friends & work colleagues to test my user stories .... I still forsee some bugs with it.
So I think a wee contact form will help keep the game bug free & help me as a developer too.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Game Navagation & Interaction**

#### User Story : I want to enjoy a aesthetically pleasing game which is easy to navigate around

* **Plan**  
I am going to build this on mobile first as I know this will be the most difficult due to size restrictions.
I want to have a smooth flowing game that the user can play over & over again. 
As I progress through the screen sizes, I can add more content to make it look more retro.
The tiles will turn on touch, hold, then turn back unless there has been a match.
I want this movement to be easy on the eye & look awesomely animated.
Nice vibrant colours based on the original game will hopefully make it fun & indulging.

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**


### **Be A Friend Of Bob & Bub**

#### User Story : I want to feel that I have a friend or friends on the other side of the screen .... awwww !

* **Plan**  
Create an introduction page that welcomes the user & asks them to input their game name. I will store this as a variable & use it to allow that feeling of loving interaction :)
I want the user to feel welcome anytime & maybe feel a little nostalgic, if they were born in the 70s, as the 80s would've been the start of the arcade gaming world. 
The chances are the user played the original Bubble Bobble so a flood of childhood memories could come flowing back ..... it's all about the memories :)  
I also want the user to feel they are interacting with Bob & Bub by adding good vibes comments but using their game name too .... to address them. 

* **Implementation**

* **Test**

* **Result**

* **Verdict**



# Bugs
---
  
Added some speech bubble code but I wanted to add some code on a click of the button. The speech bubble was always there even before the click.
So I added the speech bubble css class to my JS literal thingy for using when called for.S





### The Development Journey

### The Validation & Testing Journey

### The Mentor Code Review Journey

# Deployment
---


# Credits
---

Took on any critique from my first project so hopefully I have ironed out the issues from it :)


Speech Bubble - https://codepen.io/run-time/pen/VNRBJd

Speech Bubble 2 - https://codepen.io/rikschennink/pen/mjywQb    /    https://freefrontend.com/css-speech-bubbles/
